 a Djokovic or Raphael Nadal or somebody else. So the pressure is on Roger Federer who doesn't
 feel pressure. Andy Murray needs to play a really good match and I think that's the pressure that's
 on him. I'm sure he doesn't care about what we say or what anyone says about the British tennis
 and they haven't won since 1936 so I think he'd be really relaxed. I think he's confident because
 everyone has been talking about him possibly being the favorite of the tournament and that should now
 by now give him confidence rather than feeling the pressure. Federer has several times said
 forget all those matches I've lost to him in the best of three sets it's best of five that really counts how much of is that not fitness but mentally the fact that Murray has to concentrate for so much longer in a match like this I'm not sure I think it would favor Andy Murray to play three out of five sets against anyone even against Roger Federer because he needs an hour to get used to the pace of his opponent and then he starts trying to take his opponent apart and at the same time is he doing that he picks his level of his game up.
 So he brings him down to his level which is not as high as Roger Federer's best level and then he can play with him so I think the longer the better and I think the reason again that he's beaten Roger Federer on the regular tour is because Roger Federer doesn't care about the regular tour and obviously that's been in the last three or four years and Federer is here to win majors play great tennis and not worry about the little tournaments.
 Let's talk about Andy Murray's serve it was talked about so much at the start of the tournament he's actually sort of come up in level and percentage terms but how important obviously the first serve and more importantly the second serve today.
 Well I mean obviously to get free points of your first serve is really important against Roger Federer on the other hand he can't rely on that because not even Andy Roddy can get free points on Roger Federer with his serve and Andy Murray's serve is not even close to Andy Roddy.
 His second serve is really short I think Roger Federer is going to try and run around it and hit a lot of forehands possibly taking it early with his backhand slicing it possibly coming in after it.
 But I think the reason Andy Murray is serving better than in the beginning of the tournament he was trying to find the rhythm of his fastest serve in the beginning and we were complaining because he had 33% first serve but he's just trying to find the timing.
 He pulled it in a little bit he goes for aces at certain times but he also slices the first serve in which brings up the percentage and then he gets free points off of that too so he's serving much smarter he's maybe found his rhythm as well and he needs to hit a few second serves he doesn't want to hit too many second serves today.
 Well a big moment coming up because these two players are waiting in the corridor to enter the Rodd Laver arena and there goes Andy Murray leading the way and as always we see one player leading the other they don't have too much conversation before going out on the court mats.
 No no conversation no absolutely not they would have said hi I think in the locker room when they saw each other in there and I mean who knows they might have the lockers right next to each other and you wouldn't take another locker and move to the other side of the locker room.
 You'd be sitting on the same bench six seven feet away from each other that's no problem.
 Yesterday when Enhan was up against Serena Williams Enhan had an enormous amount of support it was obviously well it was very clear that it was one sided out there what do you think the crowd are going to be like out there tonight there's obviously a lot of Brits down under but who are they going to be supporting out there tonight.
 I'm sure they're going to be supporting Andy Murray I mean it's hard to root against Roger Federer but I think they'll be supporting Andy Murray mainly because he is the underdog and they want to see a close match and again they know which Roger Federer is going to show up.
 It's the Roger Federer who's made 23 semifinals in Grand Slam in a row he's 22nd Grand Slam final he's 115 he's going to show up the same guy who's won all those he's playing exactly the same level he's smarter.
 They don't know which Andy Murray they're hoping that the real Andy Murray is showing up.
 Okay last question who are you going to pick.
 You know what this is so hard to pick I think that Roger Federer is going to pull it out I think the longer it goes the better the chance of Andy Murray.
 He needs to remember that Federer lost here to Nadal 6-2 in the 5th last year he played a horrible last set did a hardly try he lost in the US Open final to Juan Martín del Pocho 6-2 in the 5th hardly tried in that 5th set so those are things he needs to remember Andy.
 Okay great stuff thanks very much Matt we're going to take a short break now and when we come back it will be the 11th meeting between these two Roger Federer up against Andy Murray.
 Make sure you join us for a reaction after this live match the singles final at the Australian Open let the battle commence.
 Enrique Molino is the man with the privilege of empowering this match and it's up for Simon Reed alongside Fremont Mellon and later Matt Spillander to take you through this.
 Could it be a night of history for Britain.
 Andy Murray what a run he's had he's been in absolutely spectacular form the quarter final against Nadal he couldn't have played any better he worked it out in its chillage.
